# My-Website

Tuition Centre

This website is designed for an art tuition center cater to children. I want this project to look like an ideal tuition center website that has a great aspect for marketing. Filled with interactable functions to make it functionable and accessible to gain the most insights of the tuition center and to be able to navigate easily around.

--------DESIGN PROCESS---------
- As an Owner of a visual arts tuition center, I would like this website to represent fully and highlights the important features of this tuition center, so that I can make this tuition center stands out more than other competitors in the business world.
- As an Administration Manager, I would like to have a section of the website for me to handle registrations, payments, and other queries from customers, so that I can coordinate the distribution of schedule for students, collection of fees and updating personal informations from this tuition center.
- As an Art teacher, I would like to showcase the wide variety of classes for different mediums, providing with important details, so that I can cater greater students towards their specfic favourable art class from their personal interest after reading that section of the website. 
- As a User-interface designer, I would like to design website that has a clear state of purpose of this tuition center, aesthetic pleasing to read, and mobile friendly to browse so that it helps me form a good impression on your prospective customers, provides good user experience and helps your website visitors access and navigate your website with ease for a better impression of this tuition center.
- As a Marketing Manager, I would like to have a clear site navigation that links to social media, so that I can gain more users in our socials from this tuition center, which helps in increasing the name of our tuition center.

Provide us insights about your design process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.

My design process starts with me designing a simple and clear wireframe in adobe illustrator. I start of by choosing my colour scheme, and I stick with simple and non-contrasting colour to make it minimalistic and clear for users to read. This website is for all ages.  I went online to study about the features needed in my wireframe that focusses on a tuition center. In this ideation part, I want my project to have a place to express the overview of this tuition center, and an interactive tool to hover icons to browse images of the activity happen in this place. Featuring testimonial sections that allows this tuition center to be credible, and interactive disocunt codes for users. I will design a navigation area for linking with other socials to market our brand. Providing details of class hours in the website. My aim of this project is to achieve an ideal website structure, by making it mobile responsive, easy to navigate and neatly organized. I want to  maximize the effectiveness of their websites to inform and sell to prospective buyers online. I design in a mobile responsive way, highly functionable and meet my goal to ahceive from this website.
